US Pentagon confirms a strike in Syria "targeted leaders of the bottom organization

BAGHDAD (Reuters) - US forces struck an al Qaeda facility north of Idlib in Syria on Saturday in an attack on the group's leadership, the Pentagon said.
"The operation targeted al-Qaeda leaders in Syria responsible for attacks that threaten US citizens, our partners, and innocent civilians," Earl Brown, head of media operations at the Central Command, said in a statement.
Facts about Syria
Russia announces ceasefire in Syrian opposition stronghold in Idlib
Hundreds of civilians killed, thousands displaced from Idlib, UN warns of humanitarian catastrophe
Topics may interest you
El Salvador court rules acquittal of woman "given birth in toilet"
How do British inmates use "canned fish" to bring drugs?
How America's trade war with China affects ordinary people
After the tweets of Dahi Khalfan and Ben Brik: Is the scenario of "the division of Yemen" is on the table?
What is happening in Idlib?
Earlier reports from Syria said more than 40 fighters belonging to a jihadi group were killed in a rocket attack on Idlib province, the last stronghold of the opposition, in the north of the country.
The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the attack targeted the "Haras al-Din" faction, believed to be linked to al Qaeda.
cease-fire
Meanwhile, the ceasefire declared by Russia in Idlib came into effect on Saturday.
Syrian government forces have been intensifying their military operations and efforts to recapture Idlib since April.
UN Relief Coordinator Mark Lokoc called on the Security Council to take serious action to protect civilians in Idlib
The United Nations says hundreds of thousands of Syrians have fled since then. At least 500 civilians have been killed in the area, home to nearly three million people.
Previous ceasefire attempts have had limited success.
International monitoring groups confirmed Friday that between 7,000 and 9,000 civilians had fled the town of Maarat al-Numan alone in recent days.
Amid growing migration, clashes have been reported in parts of the Syrian-Turkish border.
Idlib is located in the northwest of Syria, and is considered the last stronghold of armed opposition factions and militant groups trying to overthrow Syrian President Bashar al-Assad since the outbreak of the civil war in 2011.
Not a single group controls the province but a number of rival factions since the opposition took control four years ago.
What is happening in Idlib?
Pro-government forces launched an air offensive aimed at retaking the area in late April, and ground forces made progress in weeks.
Russian-backed forces have been able to recapture key strategic positions such as the city of Khan Sheikhoun, which the opposition seized five years ago.
The United Nations has issued repeated warnings that the attack could cause a humanitarian catastrophe, amid a civil war that has killed hundreds of thousands of people and forced millions to flee.
"Three million people, most of them women and children, depend on your support to stop this violence," said the UN relief coordinator.
Government forces reportedly took control of the town of Tamanah, as well as several villages and other areas of agricultural land in the southeast of Idlib province.
